Hey what is going on guys a and that's
not right anyways what is going on guys
back here and welcome to vector or not
really well
welcome to vector but I'm gonna be
playing some vector and this is actually
one of my favorite iOS games because I
futures parkour and I love her colors so
let's who we got so I only did five
levels actually play this a long time
ago back I think last year and I just
this game is just amazing and I played
it all the time and just had a lot of
fun so actually be like I think I'm on
the construction level
see ya construction house on it and uh
that was back on my iPod for assault
yeah this is iPod five so it's all you
so let's see we need all of these tricks
to complete the track so what that means
is if you want to get three starters on
levels so you're gonna have to buy these
moves but uh I wanna save it up for
something
alright let's just go ahead and this is
like an auto-runner but it's really
really cool so just look at it like the
art style is really great pretty much
the story well I don't really care about
the story but this song I wouldn't say
it's good but sometimes look at this
amazing oh I could have done the combo
up there and see it you had to collect
that I can get these stars just get
under here and that guy is chasing me so
make sure he doesn't get me and you jump
only day him look at that parkour that's
why I love this game jump up there to
get that thing Kuzma coins you jump and
of course I'm gonna go ahead and replay
DS and as you can see we can do a trick
backflip and yeah
so Oh missed it okay so of course you
you can go ahead and replay these
missions
see that's lock that's because I didn't
buy them so yeah the controls are pretty
simple they're just oh geez you guys
didn't see that
that was just a pro oh damn
so oh man
he was gonna get me for sure so close so
the controls are pretty simple is just
matter of swiping and you know doing the
right stuff at the right time I wouldn't
say it's one of those music rhythm games
but it's kind of similar if you ask me
so I'm gonna go ahead and buy this bar
jump because it sounds cool they
actually had this before it was a while
ago so yeah I used to light a lot on my
ipod 4 and also it didn't look as crisp
here we go oh right there calm bolts and
just love parkour that's why I gotta
skate at first I played a light version
that I was like oh my goodness this
games doing
well it's only $0.99 can't be that all
right so another really good parkour
game if you guys want me to play is
Fancy Pants adventure definitely one of
the best games played on the Xbox got on
my iPod oh yeah um yeah just really fun
oh I should have went down there but hey
who cares about points for it we're
trying to escape no one cares about oh
oh my god oh yeah oh no or not yeah now
I'm dead even though I jumped them over
but still let's go ahead and restart
here she's gonna do a couple gameplays
um so yeah if you guys like this game is
only like many in a sense it's okay it's
not that expensive you don't have to be
a millionaire to buy this and you get a
hell lot of fun out of it okay look at
the movement it's just so smooth the
animations anything and this time
remember to go down because
you can see this game is pretty hard to
get the timing right
and then you go down like this jump over
here I'll get the bar jump oh damn I can
learn a lot if you do like parkour like
me a lot of parkour so yeah it's pretty
darn cool
oh nice out there and swipe down oh oh
that thing that door came down one
second earlier able to crush me the
screwdriver I don't like so that's good
I usually buy moves that like and then
after a while I get a lot of coins
I usually replayed the levels and try to
get three stars but I'm not one of those
people who just you know you sold they
loved their scores and you know if
someone does better than them they want
to change it and make it better itself
I'm not that kind of person so as long
as I complete the level it's all good as
long as I have fun right
that's was all about is to have fun
there's bar jump damn oh damn it I'm
nice I can't be cocky here we go
leap of faith damn this is good actually
gonna do this in your life I can do some
of these I mean it's not like I can't do
any of these like I can't really do the
combo because that thing's hard as hell
but I know how to do a safety role I'm
gonna do how to do a vault I know how to
Oh real gold let's get this one Ching
alright last level that's all this is
wait guys definitely go check it out
it's fun of self oh this local seems B
oh yeah I think there's a little bit of
story into it it's I think where the
world is controlled by like computers
not by you and then this guy broke free
of
be controlled computers I guess and then
he decided to run away and those people
are catching him I guess and then if I
remember correctly there should be a guy
to help see spoiler alert is gotta helps
you and believe he died in the end so he
hurt me a lot of spoiler you won't have
heard of that but if you don't care and
he's here to enjoy some sport 35 action
you know uh yeah Oh although I wish the
controls were a little bit better other
than like swipey which just kind of gets
rid of the action but is still really
awesome I'm doing all right here I can
do that in real life pretty darn cool I
might do a couple tutorials like parkour
stuff like I know how to do a kill pup
or other no one's the Chinese get up
like you know sort of like that but
halfway through it you know like where
you on the ground then you get to jump
up from that position I can do that yeah
yeah not trying to brag here and we're
good I just slide that you don't have to
do that but I just did it for more
traumatic effects but oh yeah guys that
is vector and if you guys don't want to
spell it I mean just wait there we go
vector V ECT Oh art check it out on the
App Store is $0.99 and it's definitely
worth it so so yeah I hope you guys
enjoyed this video and as usual see you
next time